[Music]
[Applause]
this is my first time here so I had to
bring out all the stock you look great
you look fantastic
happy almost Valentine's Day it's a very
Valentine's II type of thing where me
you and this is very interesting
especially considering who our guests
were just a minute ago I just met Lionel
Richie and he's the nicest I'm very
excited and I have a little Lionel
Richie bit in a moment you got your
start on American Idol for kids that
kids version of this one American
Juniors this isn't it was 14 years ago
no 16 years ago I was 14 years old was
that long ago I started out in music
Ryan Seacrest was was hosting it okay he
only did it for one season because I
don't think it went that well yeah
people didn't maybe enjoy seeing
children have their dreams broken but
you know what but instead of voting
people out they voted people in so
instead of one person there was a group
and I was the fourth one voted and I was
14 then there was like a seven-year-old
and a group it was kind of Oliver I see
why it was canceled yes it went from one
singer to like 30 of them or something
right well we have a clip here from that
yes we do of course we do this what we
do here
[Music]
I didn't know you didn't hair what a
mess you look perfectly cute there and
so then that you did yes and then what
we talked about pretty little why did
that lead to Pretty Little Liars so
American Juniors was my first time in LA
then I moved back home cuz we got a
record deal when I got into American
Juniors Oh best part of the wedding
album flopped anyway went back home came
back to LA for pilot season and then did
a couple of failed TV shows and pretty
much not only you were talented singer
you also are a very talented Carver of
pumpkins this is a Lionel Richie I don't
know how you guys dug this up but uh
we're diggers yes good it's not pretty
good it's very nice of course it does
yeah it has I told Lionel that I did
this and I think he's a little scared of
you yeah yeah he probably didn't know
what yeah hell you were talking about
there but how long did the Lionel
Pumpkin last in your home um you know
what I don't think it got to see the
light of day but I soon said goodbye to
my hello pumpkin
you did you know you said goodbye talk
about yeah that was my line I've been
thinking of all night and no one Wow
so so this show now this you know I used
to read Archie comics when I was a kid I
don't remember this character Katie King
is that yes I didn't either
you didn't either okay but she I guess
she was created in the 40s and it was
like the fashion it girl
and people could submit their clothing
designs and Katie would wear them oh
really
yeah so that will that happen with the
show I think it's a great idea
you'll have a vinyl ricci pumpkin on
your head and it'd be great but but
Katie Keene has been mentioned on
Riverdale I think a couple of times they
were like planting the seed so it is a
spin-off sister show to Riverdale except
no one is dying on Katie can are you
sure about that
well if it goes for a while we might
need some ideas but as of now we're all
good so it's a primarily fashion focus
story yeah so it's just about dreamers I
play an aspiring designer we have
someone who's an aspiring Broadway star
and a an aspiring singer-songwriter and
it just follows these kids in New York
City just you get to watch these kids
aspire exactly perspire uh-huh a little
bit of that as well well it's very good
to have you here congratula I'm sorry I
never got to congratulate you on
American Idol Juniors what's up Lucy
Hale everybody Katie
CW we'll be right back with Andy shop hi
I'm Jimmy Kimmel and I am NOT allowed to
eat this cookie until you click the
subscribe button so please click now I'm
hungry